chore: deprecating container_runtime config, agentrm supporting singularity,podman, and apptainer (#9516)
determined-ai/determined: tools/slurm/README.md

1. Install Terraform following [these instructions](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads).
2. Download the [GCP CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install-sdk) and run `gcloud auth application-default login` to get credentials.
3. Run `make slurmcluster` from the root of the repo and wait (up to 10 minutes) for it to start.

>    - To specify which container runtime environment to use, pass in `FLAGS="-c {container_run_type}"` to `make slurmcluster`. Choose from either `singularity` (default), `podman`, or `enroot`. If utilizing Slurmcluster with Determined Agents, `docker` container runtime environment is the sole available option.

Reviewer: I don't think we support Slurmcluster with docker

Reviewer 2: For clarity, the intent is to no longer give customers the option to use slurm with determined agents.

At least, that's what I understood from slack thread: https://hpe-aiatscale.slack.com/archives/C06GMG83ZE0/p1718224380888699

Author: Corrected it. Let me know mentioning it straight out makes sense or not.

Reviewer 2: I think we want to remove the entire last sentence, `If utilizing Slurmcluster with Determined Agents, `docker` container runtime environment is the sole available option.`

We don't want customers to use Slurmcluster with Determiend Agents. At least, that's my understanding.

>    - To specify which container runtime environment to use, pass in `FLAGS="-c {container_run_type}"` to `make slurmcluster`. Choose from either `singularity` (default), `podman`, or `enroot`. If utilizing Slurmcluster with Determined Agents, `docker` container runtime environment is the sole available option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- To specify which container runtime environment to use, pass  ``FLAGS="-c {container_run_type}"`` to make slurmcluster. You can choose from ``singularity`` (default), ``podman``, or ``enroot``. If you are using Slurmcluster with Determined Agents, docker is the only available container runtime environment.
```

3. In the [hpc-ard-capsules-core repository]([d.com](https://github.hpe.com/hpe/hpc-ard-capsules-core)), run `./loadDevLauncher.sh -g [$USER]@[EXTERNAL_IP]` which will spin up a developer launcher on port 18080 on the specified VM.
4. From the root of this repository, run `make slurmcluster FLAGS="-d"` which will start a devcluster pointing at port 18080 on the instance.

> ### Note: We no longer support Slurmcluster with Determined Agents

Reviewer 2: nit: I think it's more consistent with docs style to say:

```
Slurmcluster with Determined Agents is no longer supported.
```
